[General] update "uninstall apps" + "deactivate users" (#1038)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general.rst

    general/in_app_purchase
    general/unsplash

> **Odoo** is a suite of open source business apps that cover all your company needs: :doc:`CRM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Odoo** is a suite of open source business apps covering all your company needs: :doc:`CRM
```

Author: I took the text from the footer on odoo.com .
I'll leave it like that if it's not incorrect.

<sales/crm>`, :doc:`eCommerce <websites/ecommerce>`, :doc:`accounting <finance/accounting>`,
:doc:`inventory <inventory_and_mrp/inventory>`, :doc:`point of sale <sales/point_of_sale>`,
:doc:`project management <services/project>`, etc. Its unique value proposition is to be at the same

> time *very easy* to use and *fully integrated*.

Author: Agreed, it can later be moved to the applications page.
For now, let's keep it here :)

This section of the documentation covers all functional aspects that aren't app-specific. You can
find, for example, information about:

- :doc:`Users settings <general/users>` and their :doc:`access rights

>   <general/users/access_rights>`.

Author: right, j'ai changé tout cela et mis un petit texte en plus pour les autres points.

> - :doc:`Payment Acquirers <general/payment_acquirers>` allow your customers to pay you with their
>   favorite payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`Payment Acquirers <general/payment_acquirers>`, to allow your customers to pay you with their
  favorite payment method
```
If you read it the full sentence: "_You can find, for example, information about: Payment Acquirers allow your customers to pay you with their favorite payment method._", it feels weird. With the added comma and "to", it flows better. I would also remove the full stop at the end of that bullet point to be consistent with other bullet points.

Author: then, I add full stops at the end of each bullet point, that's more correct ^^

- :doc:`Google Sign-In <general/auth/google>` as an authentication method

.. important::
   - | **Installing or uninstalling apps, managing users, etc., is up to you.**
     | As the administrator of your database, you are responsible for its usage, as you know best
       how your organization works. This includes the installation or uninstallation of :ref:`apps
       <general/apps-modules>` as well as the number of :doc:`users <general/users>` currently in
       use.
   - | **Odoo Apps have dependencies.**

>      | This means that you may have to install modules that you do not actively use to access some
>        features of Odoo you might need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     | This means that you may have to install modules that you do not actively use to access features
       that are related to them.
```
I tried rephrasing to make it a bit clearer. Not sure I was successful though :)

Author: What do you think of this @xpl-odoo ?
```suggestion
     | Installing some apps and features with dependencies may also install additional apps and
       modules that are technically required, even if you won't actively use them.
```

Reviewer: Perfect :)

   - | **Always test app installation/removal on a duplicate of your database.**

>      | This way, you can know what apps dependencies may be required or what data may be erased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     | This way, you can know what app dependencies may be required or what data may be erased.
```
I think app should be singular here.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Online Database management: Duplicate a database <duplicate_online>`
   - :ref:`On-premises Database management: Duplicate a database <duplicate_premise>`

>    - `Submit a Support Ticket <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `Submit a Support Ticket <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_
```
I would remove the full stop - although we could definitely argue about the proper formatting of bullet points' commas and full stops :)

.. _general/apps-modules:

Applications and modules
========================

Odoo is *not a smartphone*, and its apps shouldn't be installed or uninstalled carelessly. Apply
caution when adding or removing applications and modules on your database since this may impact your
subscription costs.

.. _general/uninstall-apps:

> Uninstall Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uninstall Apps
```
Sometimes you capitalize Apps, sometimes not. Not sure what's best but let's aim for consistency right? :)

Author: You're right, it should be "apps" here.
It is "Apps" when referring to the "Apps" button in the main menu.

Author: Also, I think that I should replace some "applications" with "apps", for consistency

Uninstall apps and modules
--------------------------

Go to :menuselection:`Apps`, click on the *dropdown menu* of the app you want to uninstall, then on
*Uninstall*.

.. image:: general/uninstall.png
   :align: center

Some apps have dependencies, meaning that one app requires another. Therefore, uninstalling one app
may uninstall multiple apps and modules. Odoo warns you which dependant apps and modules are
affected by it.

.. image:: general/uninstall_deps.png
   :align: center

> To complete the uninstallation, click on *Confirm*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To complete the uninstallation, click on *Confirm*.
```
